but someday somewhere someone may find
out the damn truth we better we better
we might just as well build ourselves
another government like the Declaration
of Independence says to one the old one
ain't working just it's the little
father out west American Naturalist
wrote Patriot must always be ready to
defend his country against its
government I'd hate to be in your shoes
today give a lot to think about you see
much hidden evidence the American public
has never seen you know going back to
when we were children I think that most
of us in this courtroom thought that
justice came into being automatically
the virtue was its own reward that good
would triumph over evil but as we get
older we know this just isn't true
individual human beings have to create
justice and this is not easy
because the truth often poses a threat
to power and one often has to fight
power at great risk to themselves people
like SM Holland Lee Bowers Jean Hill
Willie O'Keefe have all taken that risk
they've all come forward
I have here some $8,000 in these letters
Syd sent to my office from all over the
country quarters dimes dollar bills from
housewives plumbers car salesmen
teachers invalids these are people who
cannot afford to send money Purdue these
are the ones who drive the cabs
who nursing the hospitals who see their
kids go to Vietnam why because they care
because they want to know the truth
because I want the country back because
it still belongs to us as long as the
people have the guts to fight for what
they believe in
the truth is the most important value we
have because if the truth does not
endure if the government murders truth
if we cannot respect the hearts of these
people and this is not the country in
which I was born in and is certainly not
the country that I want to die in
Tennyson wrote authority forgets a dying
King this was never more true than for
John F Kennedy Hood's murder was
probably one of the most terrible
moments in the history of our country
you the people the jury system sitting
in judgment on Clay Shaw represent the
hope of humanity it's government power
in discharging your duty and bringing
the first conviction in this house of
cards against Clay Shaw that's not what
your country can do for you but what you
can do for your country
do not forget your dying king show this
world that this is still a government of
the people for the people and by the
people nothing as long as you live will
ever be more important it's up to you